Nice computer but there is one memory slot with memory being soldered in, and one M2242 slot for the SSD drive. So upgrading this is not possible like with other laptops.
Excellent laptop at a great price, as described. Fast shipping and excellent packaging.
Great buy and fast shipping of new laptop at the best price
Great Item and fast shipping.
Bon produit,
Bon produit
Great performing laptop. Great price paid - price went up significantly after I purchased mine. Glad i got it ion sale!
It is a good laptop. I would recommend it. Mine arrived with the charger missing, but Lenovo technical support was able to ship one out to me.
Good price, fast delivery.
Item as described and fast shipping! Thank you! 💕
No issues. Exactly as described. Quick shipping and delivery.
Exelent seller!!
On time delivery
Great!
👍👍👍
Thanks
Excellent!
Thanks
all good
Good quality and good service
Excelente servicio
Exactly as described and shipped fast!
item ordered was item received
Everything was smooth.
Excellent seller!!
Shipped quickly and item came as described.
Excellent
Good
Great thanks
Nice laptop so far.
Great price!
Je n'ai pas commandé cet item, mon compte a été piraté
PURCHASER STOLE MY EMAIL, HACKED MY ACCOUNT AND BOUGHT THIS COMPUTER. YOU SOLD TO A CRIMINAL.Reply from: lenovoHello, Thank you for taking time to provide feedback on your experience with our product. We apologize for the inconvenience caused. We understand wat you are experiencing. We suggest you contact our Sales team who should be able to assist you further. Thank You
Someone hacked my ebay and bought 2 of these laptops. I do not nor ever have lived in Oregon I live in michigan.Reply from: lenovoHello, Thank you for taking time to provide feedback on your experience with our product. We apologize for the inconvenience caused. One of our team members will contact you to assist you further on this. Thank You
ich habe die ware nicht bestellt und auch nicht erhalten ich lebe in Deutschland und nich in Portland.hatte sie darauf hingewiesen. MfG G.KunzeReply from: lenovoHello, Thank you for taking time to provide feedback on your experience with our product. We apologize for the inconvenience caused. Request you to contact our Sales team who should be able to assist you further. Thank You
An falsche Adresse geschickt!!!!Reply from: lenovoHello, Thank you for taking time to provide feedback on your experience with our product. We apologize for the inconvenience caused. Request you to contact our Sales team who should be able to assist you further. Thank You
Never got itReply from: lenovoHello, Thank you for taking time to provide feedback on your experience with our product. We apologize for the inconvenience caused. Request you to contact our Sales team who should be able to assist you further. Thank You
