The product came well packaged and new. The performance has been satisfactory so far and I have become more productive as a result. I do recommend this for everyday use and some light gaming. For now, everything runs smoothly as it should. Hopefully this will continue for a while until I decide to get a new laptop.
AMAZING laptop... This one has everything, including the latest technology... I've had several Lenovo laptops, but I would take this above any of them. Solid construction, and does everything I want it to do. Zero complaints or "cons," this laptop is awesome for its price point.
I love this Lenovo laptop. It’s super fast. Everything was easy to set up. It’s in good condition. It fits great into my life ￼and it was a great price. into my life
Envío muy rápido y laptop en excelentes condiciones ,nueva ,la caja de la laptop sellada, vendedor muy recomendado y compra segura,muy satisfecho con la compra ,la laptop cuenta con todas las características de la descripción.
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ This was my first item from eBay, and I couldn't be happier with my purchase! the entire experience was smooth and hassle-free. The laptop arrived exactly as described, in perfect condition, and well-packaged. Shipping was fast, but the communication with the seller was not excellent throughout the process. I couldn't communicate with the seller before buying the laptop. I’m extremely satisfied with my purchase and will definitely buy again from this seller. Highly recommend
My Lenovo Thinkpad decided to stop working. I needed a new one semi rapidly. This one was what I was looking for and the seller had great reviews. I ordered it and within a few days I had it.
Great product for a good price. It is better to pack it. The box was opened during transportation. Thanks!
Ultra Fast Delivery! Brand new as described. Just what I wanted. 💯
Very prompt shipping and careful packing. Great item at a great price! An A+ transaction.
Quality products and fast shipping
brand new. thank you
So Far the computer is working as expected. Thank you!
great product, good price, fast shipping
Great product. Fast Delivery. Great seller.
Good product. Good service.
Purchased for son to to use at college. He loved. met all his needs and more.
Awesome transaction. Best business-class laptop for the money! 1-day shipping if you are close to Atlanta. Thanks ANT!
Great product and great price.
Great item, very good seller.
Great item, very good seller.
Great item, good seller, I recommend.
Brand new in the box. Shipping originally said it was arriving 4 days early but it only came 1 day early.
Items were well packaged and arrived quickly. Working nicely so far.
Fast shipping, great product, just as desde, A+ seller
Great item and good seller
Great computer!!!! Fast shipping
Excellent product. Great seller!
great laptops for the price
Extremely fast shipping, great product. Thank you!
Good Deal Fast Shipment. Nice Computer
Excellent tough and fast laptop
Computer arrived quickly. It is exactly as described. I'm setting it up now. Great seller. AAA+++
Great laptop!
Shipped fast and was exactly what I was expecting.
Quick delivery! Laptop exactly as described! Thank you for such an easy transaction!
This seller was very courteous and professional with an issue I had, my misunderstanding not his product. I appreciate you so much and look forward to working with you again.
Super fast shipping! Item as described. Great experience, great price! Thank you!
Great bang for the buck
Super happy with the product received, everything was exactly as described. It was shipped immaculately and arrived as scheduled. Seller was great!
Very communicative- extremely fast shipping, product as described.
Arrived fast, product is as described. A+ seller!
Reliable sellers. Item arrived as described in the listing.
A shining example of a great seller! Great price, fast shipping, excellent packaging. I saved this seller and hope to do business again in the future.
Packaged Nicely. Fast Shipping! Highly Recommend!
good seller
Grade “A” seller! Thank you!
Exactly as described and fast delivery.
Great seller, fast shipping!
Shipped quick
very good experience with them, would like to repeat!
Item as described
Thank you, as described.
Shipped extremely fast
Prompt and reliable seller!
Product matched description. Easy purchase.
fast
Everything was great, unfortunately I had to cancel the order, but I appreciate that the vendor agreed without any problems.
Good transaction
Great
Thank you!
Great Buy
Fantastic!
Thank you.
Excellent
